
#Plugin suggest

##Introduction

The Suggest plugin allows users to submit ideas, proposals or questions for submitting to votes and comments from visitors. It allows for public consultations and discussion forums.

##Main Features

 
* Dynamically creates a content type that can be submitted by users. A content type is created by selecting the different fields that should beprovided by the user when submitting a proposal.
* Management of the content deposited by the users (publication, publication, deletion of certain proposals and comments).
* Ability to filter proposals by date of publication, category or by means of a search field.
* Possibility to order proposals by popularity or chronological order.

##Authentication Management

 
* Ability to require the user to be authenticated in order to vote, comment or submit a proposal.
* Ability to prevent a user from voting multiple times for the same proposal.

##Moderation of content submitted by users

 
* Ability to require proposals and comments to be published only after verification by the moderator (s) of the sugg.
* Send email notification when submitting a proposal, comment or report of a proposal considered inadequate

##Other Features

 
* Enabling / disabling a suggest with an unavailable message.
* Consultation of proposals and comments with possibility of export.
* Control of user input by regular expressions.
* Ability to add a Captcha in the proposal entry form. (I.e available by the addition of a Captcha)
* Managing regular expressions, managing export xsl, managing categories ...


[Maven documentation and reports](http://dev.lutece.paris.fr/plugins/plugin-suggest/)



 *generated by [xdoc2md](https://github.com/lutece-platform/tools-maven-xdoc2md-plugin) - do not edit directly.*